content/portfolio/theatre.md, before:

---
title: "OUR MOVIE SCHEDULE"
date: 2019-12-22T20:56:42+06:00
type: portfolio
image: "images/testimonial/testimony.png"
category: ["Iris Theatre"]
---

# Now Showing

## Friday, January 6 & Saturday, January 7

### No Movie Showing - Theatre Closed


# Coming Soon 

## Friday, January 13 & Saturday, January 14 

### No Movie Showing - Theatre Closed

## Friday, January 20 & Saturday, January 21 

### Avatar: Check back for updates on the schedule soon!!!

## Friday, January 27 & Saturday, January 28 

### Puss in Boots: The Last Wish 

Puss in Boots discovers that his passion for adventure has taken its toll: be has burnt through eight of his nine lives. Puss sets out on an epic journey to find the mythical Last Wish and restore his nine lives.

## Friday, February 3 & Saturday, February 4

### Puss in Boots: The Last Wish 

Puss in Boots discovers that his passion for adventure has taken its toll: be has burnt through eight of his nine lives. Puss sets out on an epic journey to find the mythical Last Wish and restore his nine lives.

# Ticket Prices

### Children - $3.00
12 years old and under

### Adults - $5.00 
13 years old and over

**The Iris Theatre strives to offer family friendly entertainment that is suitable for all ages. Our team of volunteers do their best to preview the movies that we show; however there may be occasions where language or content slips past our screening process. The Iris Theatre does not condone vulgar language or objectionable content and will remain diligent in our efforts to provide wholesome family entertainment.**

Commit message:

Update movie schedule for months of January and February.

content/portfolio/theatre.md, after:

---
title: "OUR MOVIE SCHEDULE"
date: 2019-12-22T20:56:42+06:00
type: portfolio
image: "images/testimonial/testimony.png"
category: ["Iris Theatre"]
---

# Now Showing

## Friday, January 13 & Saturday, January 14 

### No Movie Showing - Theatre Closed


# Coming Soon 

## Friday, January 20 & Saturday, January 21 

### Puss in Boots: The Last Wish 

Puss in Boots discovers that his passion for adventure has taken its toll: be has burnt through eight of his nine lives. Puss sets out on an epic journey to find the mythical Last Wish and restore his nine lives.

## Friday, January 27 & Saturday, January 28 

### Puss in Boots: The Last Wish 

Puss in Boots discovers that his passion for adventure has taken its toll: be has burnt through eight of his nine lives. Puss sets out on an epic journey to find the mythical Last Wish and restore his nine lives.

## Friday, February 3 & Saturday, February 4

### No Movie Showing - Theatre Closed

## Friday, February 10 & Saturday, February 11

### You choose the chick flick! Check out our Facebook page for more information!!

## Friday, February 17 & February 18

### No Movie Showing - Theatre Closed

## Friday, February 24 & Saturday, February 25 

### No Movie Showing - Theatre Closed

# Ticket Prices

### Children - $3.00
12 years old and under

### Adults - $5.00 
13 years old and over

**The Iris Theatre strives to offer family friendly entertainment that is suitable for all ages. Our team of volunteers do their best to preview the movies that we show; however there may be occasions where language or content slips past our screening process. The Iris Theatre does not condone vulgar language or objectionable content and will remain diligent in our efforts to provide wholesome family entertainment.**
